(Multicurrency-Cross Border)

ISDA.

_ International Swap Dealers Association. Inc,

 

_ MASTER AGREEMENT

dated as of 20 October, 2005

Internationale (Kapitalanlagegesells

(the “KAG” or “Party A”) acting as Agent for and

(Sondervermégen) listed in the attached An
and °

chaft) mbH

on behalf of the Funds
ex A. (“Party A”)

Barclays Bank PLC (“Party B”)

have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or mofe transactions (each a "Transaction") that are or
will be governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule'(the "Schedule", and the
documents and other confirming evidence (each a “Confirmation”) exchanged between the parties

confirming those Transactions.

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:- -

1,

(a)

(b)

 

a |

Interpretation as .
Definitions. The terms defined in Section 14 and in the
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between

the other provisions of this Master Agreement, the Sched
inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirm

therein specified for the purpose of this Master om

Schedule will have the meanings

¢ provisions of the Schedule and
le will prevail. In the event of any
ion and this Master Agreement
for the purpose of the relevant

 

 

(including the Schedule), such Confirmation will prevaii
Transaction,

Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master
Agreement and all Confirmations form a single agreement between the parties (collectively
referred to as this "Agreement"), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any
_ Transactions.
Obligations
General Conditions.

@

{a)

Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be
made by it, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement.

Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value on that date
in the place of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise
pursuant to this Agreement, in freely transferable funds and in the manner
customary for payments in the required vy Where settlement is by delivery

(ii)

(that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the due
date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified
in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Algreement.

Each obligation of each party under Section 2(a){i) is subject to (1) the condition
precedent that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to the
other party has occurred and is continuing, (2) the ondition precedent that no Early
Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction has occurred or been

(iii)
