SCHEDULE
to the
Master Agreement
dated as of 20 October, 2004
between Internationale (Kapitalanlagegesallschaft) mbH
(the “KAG” or “Party A”) acting as Agent for and on behalf of the Funds
(Sondervermégen) listed In the attached Annex A.
and

Barclays Bank PLC (“Party B”)
Preamble

Party A is an Investment company (“the KAG or Pany A”) within the meaning of the
German Investment Act (Investmentgesetz) which manages several investment funds

(each such fund and, in the case of an umbrella

fund, each relevant sub-fund,

hereinatter a “Fund”). Party A wishes to enter into Transactions with Party B for the

account of the Funds which are managed by Party A.
Agreement and upon entering into any Transaction f
a separate ISDA Master Agreement will be deemed t
such Fund. Annex A hereof includes a list of Funds

Having signed this ISDA Master
r the account of a specific Fund
be entered into with respect to
which are managed by Party A

and for which Party A may enter into Transactions with Party B under any deemed
ISDA Master Agreement. The scope of this document shall apply to all dealings for
those Funds which are listed in Annex A.. Consequertly, (i) any reference in the ISDA

Master Agreement including the Schedule to “Party
the KAG acting for the account of the specific Fund

into a deemed separate ISDA Master Agreement het

in the ISDA Master Agreement and the Schedule the
a reference to that specific Fund.

It is understood and agreed that the terms of this doc
dealings between Party B and each specific Fund,

* is meant to be a reference to
for which the KAG has entered
Party B and (ii) any reference
eto to the “Fund” is meant fo be

ment will apply separately to all
or which account Party A acts.

Party A will notify Party B at every close of a transaction for which fund it is acting.
Accordingly Party B will specify this fund in its confirmation. This document is
produced in the form of a single physical document for convenience only. For the
avoidance of doubt, each reference to the Agreement will be construed as a.
reference to each deemed separate agreement between Party B and each Fund for

 

which account Party A acts and no Event of Defaul
Agreement will constitute an Event of Default or T
any other Agreement. Furthermore, the netting an
herein will apply solely to the Transactions entered

‘mn Termination Event under one

rmination Event with respect to
set off-provisions incorporated
into pursuant to an Agreement,

and there shall be no netting or set-off between Transactions entered into pursuant to
different Agreements notwithstanding the fact that such agreements are included in a

single document.
